a cam girl streaming profile gets hacked
by her doppelganger today we'll go
through an american psychological horror
from 2018 called cam this is just my
opinion on the movie and not a
substitute for watching it links to the
film are in the description below alice
ackerman is a cab girl who broadcasts
live streams on a website named free
girls live for those who don't know a
cam girl is someone who makes money on
the internet by broadcasting sexual
videos a solid business strategy if you
ask me our protagonist alice live
streams under the name lola lola she has
a whole studio set up in her home where
she broadcasts from miss lola is overly
obsessed with ranks and numberings on
the site she wants to be the number one
cam girl of all time which is currently
held by a girl named baby girl she's
been able to gather a lot of true fans
aka creepy middle-aged men through her
live broadcast let's just say she's
making bank off her job and is loving it
too during one of such live streams an
anonymous user demands he wants to see
blood which is normal because we're on
the internet where people ask people to
drink bleach every day so alice ignores
it she blocks the anonymous user and
moves on but soon another user makes a
similar request her comment section is
spammed with the comments now we know
people on the internet are crazy af but
alice is even crazier she seriously
accepts their requests and slits her
throat everyone's shocked so her rank
and viewer count start to skyrocket why
will that matter when she's dead then
suddenly she reveals that the suicide
was staged and the blood was just makeup
it was just a publicity stunt to
increase her rank and it worked good for
her after the stream she gets a call
from one of her fans and the anonymous
user from earlier who helped her stage
the prank the man's real name is arnold
but since you can be whoever you want on
the internet he is tinkerboy alice gets
a call from another one of her fans did
i mention she's famous this one is named
barney she quickly ends the call with
tinkerboy and talks to barney barney
looks like a typical internet creep and
tips alice really well so she gets into
a bathtub while video chatting with him
alice's mother has no clue what she
actually does for work and thinks she
works in web development of some sort
but alice's younger brother jordan knows
his sister's job and has promised to
keep it a secret alice doesn't like
mixing her internet work with her real
life but it gets mismatched when she
sees tinkerboy at a grocery store one
day they both instantly recognize each
other but do not talk one day alice is
talking to a fellow cam girl named fox
she suggests they do a control show at
the cam girl clubhouse a control show is
when someone uses a remote control sex
toy on another person and the viewers on
the internet pay them excessively fox
being a little more conservative than
the other cam girls denies the offer
later alice calls barney to meet her to
location and ignores tinker boy's call
poor guy during her next show she
finally ranks in the top 50. that's like
graduating in the cam girl world she
starts celebrating and thanks her
followers however her rank quickly drops
it turns out the cam girls have a
rivalry one of them named princess x who
had a strict no nude policy has promised
to get naked on camera if lola's rank
drops below 60. princess x celebrates
when lola's rank drops to 59 washed by
disappointment she ends the live stream
tinker boy being the biggest sim calls
her to tell her how much he hates
princess x but simboy has called her on
her personal number rather than a chat
room call which angers alice she had
given it to him in case of an emergency
when asked about the awkward grocery
store incident arnold reveals that he
received a job in alice's state i bet he
did that on purpose the man is obsessed
with her she hangs up abruptly and calls
fox demanding that they do the control
show alice or rather lola is now at the
cam girl clubhouse she runs into
princess x and another cam girl who mock
her then the control show happens and
lola's numbers skyrockets again she
reaches number 47 and is over the moon
the next morning when she tries logging
into her streaming account she sees that
her login credentials have been changed
she logs into free girls live from
another account and sees that her
account is still online and streaming
the girl is shocked to say the least the
girl who is streaming from her profile
is a doppelganger and is in her studio
her face mannerism everything is
identical to alice's she is basically
alice alice walks into her studio but
sees no one so who the hell is streaming
she contacts the site's customer service
believing that they are replaying old
shows but they say that it's impossible
free girls live customer support claims
that they can't do much since the
account is live and the performer
matches the identification they have on
file the girl has no way to get her
account back from herself she tries
commenting on the stream to tell the
followers she is the real lola but
instead gets banned later she meets
lucky duck and fox at the clubhouse to
show them what is happening but the
girls are just as confused they watch a
live stream where people pay fake lola
thousands of dollars to write their
names on her body alice thinks princess
x is behind the hacking but her doubt
fades when she arrives at the clubhouse
while the live stream is still going on
the following day alice is at her
mother's salon when suddenly our tinker
boy arnold arrives with a bouquet talk
about being a stalker he even requests
to meet her mother as if he's alice's
longtime boyfriend alice quickly
dismisses him and sends him home that
night alice joins the fake lola's live
stream to see her live streaming from a
public library and exposing herself
alice had a no public show rule which
fake lola has now broken at jordan's
birthday party his teenage friends watch
lola's live stream suddenly jordan
starts attempting to wrestle the phone
from his friend alex's grit the phone
drops and alice's mother picks it up oh
damn she sees the stream of her daughter
touching herself in a library at the
same time alex yells that alice does
porn alice tries to apologize to her
mother but she doesn't respond instead
she ignores her completely and prepares
the cake while singing happy birthday to
jordan awkward at night the fake lola
hosts an 80s workout show themed stream
because of her venture into the public
library her rank has increased to 31 and
angered alice pays for lolita to spank
herself until she bruises then the fake
lola starts teasing the audience by
pulling out different toys from a box
suddenly she takes out a gun she asks
the audience to give her a hundred
thousand tokens to use it and they do
she then shoots herself splattering
blood all around
alice freaks out and starts shaking at
the site but surprise surprise it was a
publicity stunt the fake lola reaches
the top 20 in rank alice has had too
much of the fake her so she calls the
police two officers come to her house
but when they see the livestream of a
naked fake lola they turn as creepy as
the creepy dudes from the internet they
ask her to stay off the internet as a
solution and leave the fraud lola then
announces a live show with baby girl
coming up soon baby girl is the number
one cam girl on the site alice joins
baby's live stream in the hopes of
communicating with her she grows
suspicious when baby mentions wanting to
burn her house down so a fireman would
take pity on her and needing to get
[ __ ] both word-for-word phrases that
the fake lola had said in her live
streams she calls fox trying to find out
baby girl's real name but fox dismisses
her the next day alice meets up with
creepy old barney for her date barney
also used to video chat with baby girl
and know some stuff about her alice
manages to find out that baby girl is
from ola georgia and that she was prom
queen in high school she then excuses
herself to go to the bathroom the fake
lola starts streaming and barney figures
the lola he is with is fake he starts
threatening her but she manages to
escape note to self don't meet creepy
strangers from the internet at night
fake lola and baby girls stream together
alice finds baby girl's real facebook
profile and sees she has been dead for
six months she looks back at the screen
and baby girl is right there with fake
lola this could mean one of two things
either that's baby girl's ghost or fake
lolis playing with fake baby girl the
fake cam girls then go into fake lola's
room which is identical to alice's room
she shows pictures of jordan on the live
stream and reveals his name too alice
never wanted to bring her brother into
this frustrated she breaks her laptop
then we see alice with her mother who
tells her that she watched some of the
live streams and that she enjoys alice's
confidence when she acts as lola she
loves seeing a changed alice in contrast
to her usual shy self jordan is furious
at alice and rightfully so the boy must
be being bullied into the ground after
her last stream later alice looks for
every cam girl that has collabed with
baby girl in the past six months there
are a few of them and all of them have
tinkerboy as their best friend the man's
whole life outside work is interacting
with cam girls alice goes to find
tinkerboy in the motel he was staying at
she asks for his help to figure out how
the duplicate is doing the things she
does he offers to help and asks her to
stay the night alice desperately needs
his help so she agrees i wouldn't have
done that after the last time she wakes
up in the middle of the night and finds
tinkerboy in the bathroom jerking off to
fake lola's stream she tases him in
frustration and asks him what he knows
about the duplicates since tinker's
whole life revolves around cam girls he
has also noticed a weird shift in every
girl's behavior when they reach the top
20 or flourish in the site rapidly he
knows that some kind of bot that had
been analyzing the girl's live stream
takes over their profile as them however
he doesn't know how it works or how they
can stop it the fake lola then video
calls tinker alice stands in front of
the camera and to her surprise fake
lolit doesn't recognize that they are
identical alice deduces that the
replicating entity is unaware of its own
existence she runs back to her house
freaked out by the fake bot alice has
finally found a way to expose the fake
lola she sets up her mirrors in a
position that creates an illusion
showing multiples of her she pays to
join a private cam session with the fake
lola and tells her to sit in her vanity
she then asks her to start a live stream
so people can see how good they look
together alice challenges lola to a game
where they need to imitate each other
whoever the viewers think does the best
job wins and the winner has to dare the
other one to do something lola wins the
first round and asks alice to strip in
the next round alice smashes her head on
the table making her nose bleed fake
lola hesitates but smashes her nose
anyway alice wins this round and asks
for the password to fake lola's account
lola hesitates at first but obliges once
her audience asks her to anything for
the fans fake lola finally sends alice
her password in a private message alice
who just sacrificed her nose to get the
account back deletes it after logging in
the account's gone fake lola is gone
alice is now free sometime later we see
alice's mother doing her makeup alice is
starting a new account her mother fully
supports her profession as we all should
alice has obtained a fake id with the
name emily ramsey she makes a new
account with the username evebot finally
eve starts her first stream so that's
how the movie cam goes hope you liked
the video don't forget to leave a like
and comment i'll see you next time